Repair broken link for first contributions (#6495)
kubernetes/community: contributors/guide/first-contribution.md

* Help triage issues

If the above suggestions don't appeal to you, you can browse the 

> [Community Issues] to see who is looking for help. Those interested 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[issues labeled as a good first issue] to see who is looking for help. Those interested 
```

We should direct folks to any good first issue 👍

[kubernetes/website]. Make sure to adhere to the prompted submission guidelines 
while opening an issue. Check the [issue triage guide] for more information.

> [Community Issues]: https://github.com/kubernetes/community/issues

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[issues labeled as a good first issue]: https://go.k8s.io/good-first-issue
```

corresponding link
